fix(federation-v2): await bridge startup (#33253)
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: .changeset/green-queens-end.md

---
"@rocket.chat/meteor": patch
---

> Fixes an issue with Federation startup where the bridge would intermittently fail to start causing errors being thrown "Matrix Bridge isn't running yet".

Author: ```suggestion
Fixes an issue with Federation startup where the bridge would intermittently fail to start causing error being shown "Matrix Bridge isn't running yet".
```
